hey guys what's up I is my first video
I'm gonna be doing like minecraft game
plays with this is a video and I'm going
to show you how to download the tape mod
and it's pretty simple open ok open this
search up the MC cabe stuck on you might
recognize me right now this is Annika
cape at the xbox one now so I made it
but if you go to Cape Town battle these
different look like a month on creepers
or blazer as mother stuff and legible
those were at all though but you can
make your own time but um okay so get
what okay so what you got to do is I
forgot click on this click on the
download how to download it so they just
don't mind her I gotta pull this back up
because I believe it then mobbed it
already so I want to wait this to
download them for you
so next open this up and our hater and
down here you'll have made it and folder
back into downloading Bob to go ahead
and delete that and your Minecraft and
closer at work now he I do is lift up
and you have that if you write down it
from this
our ball
just learning more visual
and any other people of capes you can
see it
Oh
oops on
yeah runs black so it's hard to see it
and I can't hear my body and so I love
my computer traffic but it won't even
let me sorry I can't do it but if I did
I would drop center and get a new
computer and oh also okay now i see if
we can find someone Cait
Oh
there's got to be someone laughs but
anyway and that's how you download how
you get that Cape Cod see you soon guys
will be enjoyed the video click and
subscribe my first video